doc: Release notes for NCS v1.0.0 (#905)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: doc/release-notes-1.0.0.rst

Required tools
**************

In addition to the tools mentioned in :ref:`gs_installing`, the following tool versions are required to work with the |NCS|:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Tool
     - Version
     - Download link
   * - SEGGER J-Link
     - V6.41
     - `J-Link Software and Documentation Pack`_
   * - nRF5x Command Line Tools
     - v9.8.1
     - `nRF5x Command Line Tools`_
   * - dtc (Linux only)
     - v1.4.6 or later
     - :ref:`gs_installing_tools_linux`

As IDE, we recommend to use |SES| (Nordic Edition), version 4.16 or later.
It is available from the following links:

* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Windows x86`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Windows x64`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Mac OS x64`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Linux x86`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Linux x64`_

Change log
**********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF9160
=======

* Added the following samples:

  * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - shows how to perform over-the-air firmware updates of an nRF9160 via MQTT and HTTP.

>   * :ref:`secure_partition_manager` - required to set up the nRF9160 DK so that it can run user applications in the non-secure domain.

Reviewer: This secure partition manager sample was added in version 0.4,  so remove this entire checkpoint.

Author: removed

>   * :ref:`secure_partition_manager` - required to set up the nRF9160 DK so that it can run user applications in the non-secure domain.

Reviewer: Remove this as this sample was added in 0.4

Author: done

  * :ref:`lib_aws_jobs` - facilitates communication with the AWS IoT Jobs service.

* Asset Tracker sample:

  * The orientation detector now supports interrupt handling.

* nRF Connect SDK now uses upstream CoAP implementation. The :ref:`mqtt_simple_sample` sample was rewritten to use the upstream library, and the downstream CoAP was removed.
* The :ref:`http_application_update_sample` sample has been updated to use the :ref:`lib_fota_download` library.

BSD library
-----------

* Updated bsdlib to version 0.3.1.
* Introduced a new header bsdlib.h to be used by the application to initialize and shutdown the library.
* Library initialization during system initialization (``SYS_INIT``) is now optional, and controlled via ``Kconfig``. The default behavior is unchanged.

Secure Partition Manager (SPM) library
--------------------------------------

* Added random number secure service, providing access to the RNG hardware from the non-secure firmware.
* Non-Secure callable support:

  * A secure_services module is now available over secure entry functions. This means:

    * :file:`secure_services.c` resides in secure firmware (SPM).

>     * :file`secure_services.h` declares functions that can be called from non-secure firmware.

Reviewer: missing :
```suggestion
    * :file:`secure_services.h` declares functions that can be called from non-secure firmware.
```

Author: fixed, thanks!

Enhanced Shockburst
-------------------

* Added support for nRF52811.

Download Client
---------------

* Added IPv6 support, with fallback to IPv4.
* Added HTTPS support. The application must provision the TLS security credentials.
* Several improvements to buffer handling and network code.
* Library now runs in a separate thread.

Crypto
======

*
*

nRF BLE Controller
==================

* Added support for the nRF BLE controller 0.2.0-prealpha. Includes drivers to access HCI, flash, clock control, and entropy hardware.

Subsystems
==========

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* Added the following samples:

  * :ref:`central_bas` - demonstrates how do use the :ref:`bas_c_readme` to receive battery level information from a compatible device.
  * :ref:`shell_bt_nus` - demonstrates how to use the :ref:`shell_bt_nus_readme` to receive shell commands from a remote device.

* Added the following libraries:

  * :ref:`bas_c_readme` - used to retrieve information about the battery level from a device.
  * :ref:`shell_bt_nus_readme` - allows for sending shell commands from a host to the application.

> * Added :ref:`ble_console_readme` - a desktop application that can be used to communicate with an nRF device over *Bluetooth* Low Energy using the :ref:`shell_bt_nus_readme`.

Reviewer 2: Please add this change (I think it was an external contribution):
* Added Manufacturer Data filter to the scan module

Author: done

> 

Reviewer 2: Added application callbacks for the Output Report related operations in the HID service

Author: done

NFC
---

*

Partition Manager
-------------

> * Partition Manager can now implicitly or explicitly assign a HEX file to a partition.

Reviewer: This statement is unknown me, where do you have it from?

One missing point is:
`Partition Manager now handles all hex file merging`

Author: done

* :ref:`ug_pm_static` of upgradable images is now supported.

nRF Desktop
===========

* The nrf_desktop reference implementation is moved from the ``samples/`` folder to ``applications/``.

> * The nrf_desktop configuration channel now allows data to be exchanged between the device and host in both directions.

Reviewer 3: @jhn-nordic should we add details of what was changed before project is released?

* If a debugger (for example, J-Link) is connected via SWD to the nRF9160, the modem firmware will reset.
  Therefore, the LTE modem cannot be operational during debug sessions.
* The SEGGER Control Block cannot be found by automatic search by the RTT Viewer/Logger.
  As a workaround, set the RTT Control Block address to 0 and it will try to search from address 0 and upwards.
  If this does not work, look in the ``builddir/zephyr/zephyr.map`` file to find the address of the ``_SEGGER_RTT`` symbol in the map file and use that as input to the viewer/logger.

Crypto
======

* The :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` glue layer is broken because symbol renaming is not handled correctly.
  Therefore, the behavior is undefined when selecting multiple back-ends for the same algorithm (for example, AES).

Subsystems
==========

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* :ref:`peripheral_lbs` does not report the Button 1 state correctly.
* The central samples (:ref:`central_uart`, :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`) do not support any pairing methods with MITM protection.

> * The :ref:`gatt_dm_readme` is not supported on nRF51 devices.

Reviewer 2: This line can be removed

Author: removed

> * Bluetooth LE samples cannot be built with the :ref:`nrfxlib:ble_controller` v0.1.0.

Reviewer 2: I think that this line should be removed because we migrated to the v0.2.0 of the controller

Author: removed

---

* Firmware upgrade using mcumgr or USB DFU is broken for multi-image builds, because the device tree configuration is not used.
  Therefore, it is not possible to upload the image.
  To work around this problem, build MCUboot and the application separately.

nrfxlib
=======

* GNSS sockets implementation is experimental.

 * Implementation might hard-fault when GPS is in running mode and messages are not read fast enough.
 * NMEA strings are valid c-strings (0-terminated), but the read function might return wrong length.
 * Sockets can only be closed when GPS is in stopped mode.
 * Closing a socket does not properly clean up all memory resources.
   If a socket is opened and closed multiple times, this  might starve the system.
 * Forcing a cold start and writing AGPS data is not yet supported.

nrfx 1.7.1
==========

* nrfx_saadc driver:
  Samples might be swapped when buffer is set after starting the sample process, when more than one channel is sampled.
  This can happen when the sample task is connected using PPI and setting buffers and sampling are not synchronized.
* The nrfx_uarte driver does not disable RX and TX in uninit, which can cause higher power consumption.

> * The nrfx_uart driver might incorrectly set the internal tx_buffer_length variable when high optimization level is set during compilation.

Reviewer 4: I'd change the last part of the sentence to "when compiled with a high optimization level" (as currently it sounds a bit like the optimization level could be changed while the compilation is in progress).
And perhaps "may" would be better than "might" (same in the nrfx_saadc driver entry).

Author: Changed the part of the sentence.  'Might' is preferred over 'may' as per our styleguide. Thanks for the review!

nRF Connect SDK v1.0.0 supports product development with the nRF9160 Cellular IoT device.
It contains reference applications, sample source code, and libraries for Bluetooth Low Energy devices in the nRF52 Series, though product development on these devices is not currently supported with the nRF Connect SDK.

Highlights
**********

* |NCS| v1.0.0 is aligned with the production release of nRF9160.
* Added a new AWS FOTA sample demonstrating application firmware update through the use of AWS IoT Jobs with MQTT and HTTP.
* Added secure services in Secure Partition Manager (SPM) for TrustZone devices (nRF9160).
* Updated the Download Client library with support for HTTPS and IPv6.
* Included a new version of the nRF BLE Controller.

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.0.0**.
Check the ``west.yml`` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`Getting the nRF Connect SDK code <cloning_the_repositories_win>` for more information.

> 

Reviewer 5: Would like to add the following section (similar to what we have for SD supported in nRF5 SDK):

Supported Modem FW:
- mfw_nrf9160_1.0.0

Author: done

  If this does not work, look in the ``builddir/zephyr/zephyr.map`` file to find the address of the ``_SEGGER_RTT`` symbol in the map file and use that as input to the viewer/logger.
* nRF91 fails to receive large packets (over 4000 bytes) over NB-IoT. LTE-M is not affected.
* nrf_connect fails if called immediately after initialization of the device. A delay of 1000 ms is required for this to work as intended.

Crypto
======

* The :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` glue layer is broken because symbol renaming is not handled correctly.
  Therefore, the behavior is undefined when selecting multiple back-ends for the same algorithm (for example, AES).

Subsystems
==========

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* :ref:`peripheral_lbs` does not report the Button 1 state correctly.
* The central samples (:ref:`central_uart`, :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`) do not support any pairing methods with MITM protection.
* On some operating systems, the nrf_desktop application is unable to reconnect to a host.
* central_uart: A too long 212-byte string cannot be handled when entered to the console to send to peripheral_uart.

> * central_hids: After flashing a HEX file to the nrf52_pca10040 board, UART connectivity is lost when using the BLE Controller. The board must be reset to get UART output.

Reviewer 2: Please add one more item here:

* peripheral_hids_mouse: The sample may crash on the nRF51 device when HIDs notifications are sent frequently with button presses. In this case, the GPIO ISR introduces latency that violates real-time requirements of the Radio ISR. The nRF51 is more sensitive to this issue than the nRF52 (faster Core).

Author: done

Reviewer 5: BLE examples located in fw_nrf_connect_nrf might not work as expected on PCA 10028 / nRF51

Reviewer 5: My understanding was that this problem applies to ALL Nordic BLE examples located in our NCS repo

Reviewer 2: Potentially all samples that use GPIO, because a user can spam application with button presses and delay the Radio ISR.

UART, throughput samples are exceptions, they don't use buttons.

Reviewer 2: I had a short call with @shantha-14 @b-gent and we discussed how to change this note.

@b-gent should post our suggestion soon.

Author: Changed to:
On nRF51 devices, BLE samples that use GPIO might crash when HIDs notifications are sent frequently using button presses. In such case, the GPIO ISR introduces latency that violates real-time requirements of the Radio ISR. nRF51 is more sensitive to this issue than nRF52 (faster core).

@kapi-no  @shankar-vv  please verify

Reviewer 2: Maybe, we can make the first sentence more general if we refer to all BLE samples:

might crash when HIDs notifications are sent frequently using button presses.
->
might crash when buttons are pressed frequently.

Author: yes, this makes much more sense :)

.. _ncs_release_notes_100:

|NCS| v1.0.0 Release Notes
##########################

> This project is hosted by Nordic Semiconductor to demonstrate the integration of Nordic SoC support in open source projects, like MCUBoot and the Zephyr RTOS, with libraries and source code for low-power wireless applications.

Reviewer 6: Suggest:
"nRF Connect SDK delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.  It includes the MCUBoot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK."

Author: done

> nRF Connect SDK v1.0.0 supports development with nRF9160 Cellular IoT devices.

Reviewer 6: "...supports product development... IoT device."  - singular device.

Author: done

> It contains references and code for Bluetooth Low Energy devices in the nRF52 Series, though development on these devices is not currently supported with the nRF Connect SDK.

Reviewer 6: "... contains reference applications, sample source code and libraries for Bluetooth ... though product development on..."

Author: done

Highlights
**********

*
*
*
*
*

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.0.0**.
Check the ``west.yml`` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`Getting the nRF Connect SDK code <cloning_the_repositories_win>` for more information.

Supported boards
****************

> * PCA10090 (nRF9160 DK) - only for LTE samples

Reviewer 6: Do we need the note "only for LTE samples"?  It is not immediately obvious what this means.

Author: yes, fixed

* PCA10056 (nRF52840 Development Kit)
* PCA10059 (nRF52840 Dongle)
* PCA10040 (nRF52 Development Kit)
* PCA10028 (nRF51 Development Kit)
* PCA63519 (Smart Remote 3 DK add-on)

Required tools
**************

In addition to the tools mentioned in :ref:`gs_installing`, the following tool versions are required to work with the |NCS|:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Tool
     - Version
     - Download link
   * - SEGGER J-Link
     - V6.41
     - `J-Link Software and Documentation Pack`_
   * - nRF5x Command Line Tools
     - v9.8.1
     - `nRF5x Command Line Tools`_
   * - dtc (Linux only)
     - v1.4.6 or later
     - :ref:`gs_installing_tools_linux`

> 

Author: done

>      - V6.41

Reviewer 7: I am not sure this is correct, isn't `nRF5x Command Line Tools` installing `JLink v6.44`?

Author: Testers should have an idea about this? @ns-tolu  @shantha-14 ?

Reviewer 8: nRFX Command Line Tool is 9.8.1 and Jlink is 6.41

As IDE, we recommend to use |SES| (Nordic Edition), version 4.18 or later.
It is available from the following links:

* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Windows x86`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Windows x64`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Mac OS x64`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Linux x86`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Linux x64`_

Change log
**********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF9160
=======

* Added the following samples:

  * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - shows how to perform over-the-air firmware updates of an nRF9160 through the use of AWS IoT Jobs with MQTT and HTTP.
  * :ref:`secure_services` - demonstrates using the reboot and random number services.

* Added the following libraries:

>   * :ref:`lib_fota_download` - handles Firmware Over The Air (FOTA) downloads.

Reviewer 7: Is this the `download_client` library? if so, it doesn't have much to do with firmware downloads. It's a library to download a file over HTTP(S), we just happend to use it to download firmware.

Author: No, this is AWS FOTA, unrelated to Download Client.

  * :ref:`lib_aws_fota` - combines the :ref:`lib_aws_jobs` and :ref:`lib_fota_download` libraries to create a user-friendly library that can perform firmware-over-the-air (FOTA) update using HTTP and MQTT TLS.
  * :ref:`at_cmd_readme` - facilitates handling of AT Commands by multiple modules.

>   * :ref:`lib_aws_jobs` - facilitates communication with the AWS IoT Jobs service.

Reviewer 7: Since this is referenced by `lib_aws_fota` should it be moved before that entry?

Author: makes sense, moving

Secure Partition Manager (SPM) library
--------------------------------------

* Added random number secure service, providing access to the RNG hardware from the non-secure firmware.
* Non-Secure callable support:

  * A secure_services module is now available over secure entry functions. This means:

    * :file:`secure_services.c` resides in secure firmware (SPM).
    * :file:`secure_services.h` declares functions that can be called from non-secure firmware.

  * SPM now exposes secure entry functions by default.
  * Added reboot as a secure service. The reboot secure service is called when the non-secure firmware calls sys_reboot().

* PWM0-3 added as non-secure.

Common libraries
================

* Added the following library:

  * :ref:`ppi_trace` - enables tracing of hardware peripheral events on pins.

Enhanced Shockburst
-------------------

* Added support for nRF52811.

Download Client
---------------

* Added IPv6 support, with fallback to IPv4.
* Added HTTPS support. The application must provision the TLS security credentials.
* Several improvements to buffer handling and network code.
* Library now runs in a separate thread.

Crypto
======

> * Added :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto_readme` library v0.8.1 (experimental release) to perform hardware-accelerated cryptography using Arm CryptoCell CC310 in selected architectures.

Reviewer 6: "in selected architectures" I think should read "for devices/ICs/Chips with the peripheral/CC310"

Reviewer 9: Ok with the @jdstapes suggestion.

Author: changed to : "(...) hardware-accelerated cryptography using Arm CryptoCell CC310 on devices with the CC310 peripheral."

* The SEGGER Control Block cannot be found by automatic search by the RTT Viewer/Logger.
  As a workaround, set the RTT Control Block address to 0 and it will try to search from address 0 and upwards.
  If this does not work, look in the ``builddir/zephyr/zephyr.map`` file to find the address of the ``_SEGGER_RTT`` symbol in the map file and use that as input to the viewer/logger.

Crypto
======

* The :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` glue layer is broken because symbol renaming is not handled correctly.
  Therefore, the behavior is undefined when selecting multiple back-ends for the same algorithm (for example, AES).

Subsystems
==========

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* :ref:`peripheral_lbs` does not report the Button 1 state correctly.
* The central samples (:ref:`central_uart`, :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`) do not support any pairing methods with MITM protection.

Bootloader
----------

* Building and programming the immutable bootloader (see :ref:`ug_bootloader`) is not supported in SEGGER Embedded Studio.
* The immutable bootlader can only be used with the following boards:

  * nrf52840_pca10056
  * nrf9160_pca10090

DFU
---

> * Firmware upgrade using mcumgr or USB DFU is broken for multi-image builds, because the device tree configuration is not used.

Reviewer: This subsection should be:
`
```
Firmware upgrade using mcumgr or USB DFU is broken for non-secure applications, because the metadata used by MCUboot is stored in a secure section of flash and is not readable by the non-secure application.
Therefore, it is not possible to upload the image.
To work around this issue, modify mcumgr to hard code the addresses instead of reading them from the metadata.
```

Author: done

> * Building and programming the immutable bootloader (see :ref:`ug_bootloader`) is not supported in SEGGER Embedded Studio.

Reviewer 7: Is this still applicable @hakonfam ?

.. _ncs_release_notes_100:

|NCS| v1.0.0 Release Notes
##########################

This project is hosted by Nordic Semiconductor to demonstrate the integration of Nordic SoC support in open source projects, like MCUBoot and the Zephyr RTOS, with libraries and source code for low-power wireless applications.

nRF Connect SDK v1.0.0 supports development with nRF9160 Cellular IoT devices.
It contains references and code for Bluetooth Low Energy devices in the nRF52 Series, though development on these devices is not currently supported with the nRF Connect SDK.

Highlights
**********

> 

Author: Added. Some notes:

* I assumed you meant HTTPS in point 2
* point 3 changed as discussed: "Added secure services in Secure Partition Manager (SPM) for TrustZone devices (nRF9160)."
* removed the text in brackets rom last point, a link to the BLE Controller changelog is in its respective section

* PCA10059 (nRF52840 Dongle)
* PCA10040 (nRF52 Development Kit)
* PCA10028 (nRF51 Development Kit)
* PCA63519 (Smart Remote 3 DK add-on)

Required tools
**************

In addition to the tools mentioned in :ref:`gs_installing`, the following tool versions are required to work with the |NCS|:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Tool
     - Version
     - Download link
   * - SEGGER J-Link
     - V6.41
     - `J-Link Software and Documentation Pack`_
   * - nRF5x Command Line Tools
     - v9.8.1
     - `nRF5x Command Line Tools`_
   * - dtc (Linux only)
     - v1.4.6 or later
     - :ref:`gs_installing_tools_linux`

As IDE, we recommend to use |SES| (Nordic Edition), version 4.16 or later.
It is available from the following links:

* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Windows x86`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Windows x64`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Mac OS x64`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Linux x86`_
* `SEGGER Embedded Studio (Nordic Edition) - Linux x64`_

Change log
**********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF9160
=======

* Added the following samples:

>   * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - shows how to perform over-the-air firmware updates of an nRF9160 via MQTT and HTTP.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - shows how to perform over-the-air firmware updates of an nRF9160 through the use of AWS Jobs with MQTT and HTTP.
```

Author: done

  * A secure_services module is now available over secure entry functions. This means:

    * :file:`secure_services.c` resides in secure firmware (SPM).
    * :file:`secure_services.h` declares functions that can be called from non-secure firmware.

  * SPM now exposes secure entry functions by default.
  * Added reboot as a secure service. The reboot secure service is called when the non-secure firmware calls sys_reboot().

* PWM0-3 added as non-secure.

Common libraries
================

* Added the following library:

  * :ref:`ppi_trace` - enables tracing of hardware peripheral events on pins.

Enhanced Shockburst
-------------------

* Added support for nRF52811.

Download Client
---------------

* Added IPv6 support, with fallback to IPv4.
* Added HTTPS support. The application must provision the TLS security credentials.
* Several improvements to buffer handling and network code.
* Library now runs in a separate thread.

Crypto
======

* Added :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto_readme` library v0.8.1 (experimental release) to perform hardware-accelerated cryptography using Arm CryptoCell CC310 in selected architectures.

nRF BLE Controller
==================

> 

Reviewer 11: Should there be a reference to the changelog of the ble controller?

Author: sounds good, done

> * Added support for the nRF BLE controller 0.2.0-prealpha. Includes drivers to access HCI, flash, clock control, and entropy hardware.

Reviewer 12: This should be 0.2.0-4.prealpha, I suppose?

Author: if you say so :) changed

* Updated the Download Client library with support for HTTPS and IPv6.
* Included a new version of the nRF BLE Controller.

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.0.0**.
Check the ``west.yml`` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`Getting the nRF Connect SDK code <cloning_the_repositories_win>` for more information.

Supported modem firmware:
*******************
* mfw_nrf9160_1.0.0

Supported boards
****************

* PCA10090 (nRF9160 DK)
* PCA10056 (nRF52840 Development Kit)
* PCA10059 (nRF52840 Dongle)
* PCA10040 (nRF52 Development Kit)
* PCA10028 (nRF51 Development Kit)
* PCA63519 (Smart Remote 3 DK add-on)

Required tools
**************

In addition to the tools mentioned in :ref:`gs_installing`, the following tool versions are required to work with the |NCS|:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Tool
     - Version
     - Download link
   * - SEGGER J-Link
     - V6.41
     - `J-Link Software and Documentation Pack`_
   * - nRF5x Command Line Tools

>      - v9.8.1

Reviewer 8: Should also specify :  nRF Connect for Desktop version greater than v3.0.0

Author: added here in the table ; additionally, added a note in the Supported modem firmware section that nRF Connect for Desktop must be now used to update modem firmware

Reviewer 13: nRF Connect for Desktop v3.0.0 requires nRF5x Command Line Tools v10.2.0, so might want to change required version from v9.8.1 to v10.2.0

Reviewer 8: All test servers and testing was done with 9.8.1, Hence I recommend not to change .

nRF9160
=======

* Added the following samples:

  * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - shows how to perform over-the-air firmware updates of an nRF9160 through the use of AWS IoT Jobs with MQTT and HTTP.
  * :ref:`secure_services` - demonstrates using the reboot and random number services.

* Added the following libraries:

  * :ref:`lib_fota_download` - handles Firmware Over The Air (FOTA) downloads.
  * :ref:`at_cmd_readme` - facilitates handling of AT Commands by multiple modules.
  * :ref:`lib_aws_jobs` - facilitates communication with the AWS IoT Jobs service.
  * :ref:`lib_aws_fota` - combines the :ref:`lib_aws_jobs` and :ref:`lib_fota_download` libraries to create a user-friendly library that can perform firmware-over-the-air (FOTA) update using HTTP and MQTT TLS.

* Asset Tracker sample:

  * The orientation detector now supports interrupt handling.

* nRF Connect SDK now uses upstream CoAP implementation. The :ref:`mqtt_simple_sample` sample was rewritten to use the upstream library, and the downstream CoAP was removed.
* The :ref:`http_application_update_sample` sample has been updated to use the :ref:`lib_fota_download` library.

BSD library
-----------

> * Updated bsdlib to version 0.3.2.

Reviewer 14: It's `0.3.3` now.

Author: updated

Documentation
=============

* Added or updated documentation for the following samples:

  * nRF9160:

    * :ref:`secure_services`
    * :ref:`secure_partition_manager`
    * :ref:`aws_fota_sample`
    * :ref:`lte_sensor_gateway`

  * Bluetooth Low Energy:

    * :ref:`central_bas`
    * :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`
    * :ref:`peripheral_lbs`
    * :ref:`shell_bt_nus`

  * Other:

    * :ref:`ppi_trace_sample`

* Added or updated documentation for the following libraries:

  * nRF9160:

    * :ref:`lib_spm`
    * :ref:`at_cmd_readme`
    * :ref:`lib_download_client`
    * :ref:`lib_aws_fota`
    * :ref:`lib_fota_download`
    * :ref:`lib_secure_services`

  * Bluetooth Low Energy:

    * :ref:`bas_c_readme`

  * Other:

    * :ref:`ppi_trace`
    * :ref:`ble_console_readme`

* Added or updated the following documentation:

  * :ref:`ug_bt_ll_nrfxlib`
  * :ref:`ug_multi_image`
  * :ref:`partition_manager`
  * :ref:`nrf_desktop`
  * :ref:`shell_bt_nus_readme`

* API documentation of all libraries now also mentions the location of header files and source files.

Known issues
************

General
=======

> * Flashing a sample might silently fail when using nrfjprog versions 10.2.0 and 10.1.1.

Author: @shantha-14  please review this point (or tag someone to review)

Reviewer 9: I think this is a bit too broad. It indicates the mechanism, but it lacks a limiting scope. 
What about: "Flashing samples utilizing the secure partition manager (SPM) might silently fail ...."

>   This issue is caused by ACL protection of flash memory and does not affect nrfjprog v9.8.1.

Reviewer 13: "This issue is caused by ACL protection" , it's SPU , not ACL

Author: after discussing with @shantha-14 , it seems like we might be deleting this point tomorrow after all so I'll wait with any changes
